Upgrade to Go 1.15 (#13433)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- `NOT` is available as an alternative syntax of `-` on supported keywords `repo`, `file`, `content`, `lang`, and `repohasfile`. [#12412](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/12412)
- Negated content search is now also supported for unindexed repositories. Previously it was only supported for indexed repositories [#13359](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13359).
- The experimental feature flag `andOrQuery` is deprecated. [#13435](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13435)
- Negated content search is now also supported for unindexed repositories. Previously it was only supported for indexed repositories. Negated content search requires setting `"search.migrateParser": true` in settings and is only supported for literal and regexp queries.

> - Sourcegraph is now built with Go 1.15.0. We recommend that customers using Sourcegraph with an external database and and connecting to it using SSL/TLS check whether the certificate is up to date. See these comments for more information: https://github.com/golang/go/issues/39568#issuecomment-665863345 and https://github.com/golang/go/issues/39568#issuecomment-671424481. And [AWS' updated documentation on updating the SSL/TLS certificate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL-certificate-rotation.html). [#13433](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13433)

Reviewer: Im not sure its completely clear, what do you think of:

```suggestion
- Sourcegraph is now built with Go 1.15.0.
  - Go `1.15.0` introduced changes to SSL/TLS connection validation which requires certificates to include a `SAN`  which is not included in older certificates which relied on the `CN` field. You might see an error like `x509: certificate relies on legacy Common Name field`. We recommend that customers using Sourcegraph with an external database and and connecting to it using SSL/TLS check whether the certificate is up to date. 
  - RDS Customers please reference [AWS' documentation on updating the SSL/TLS certificate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.SSL-certificate-rotation.html). 
  - For additional information check [#13433](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/13433)
```
